you know the jungle it's a part of you
but exploring is not a game and you
don't look before you leap okay we're
onto something big Dora an ancient city
made of gold but about that and your
mother and I are gonna prove it
Amy I'm sorry sweetie you're not going
look being in the city around kids your
own age like Diego might help so you're
gonna get invited to some of these
parties called rains the music sounds
like this got it
be careful that's what we want to say
cousin take oh you're so skinny and
tough you are way more energetic than I
remember Dora this isn't the jungle it's
high school it's life or death keep a
low profile yes
and just be cool door okay what is this
[Music]
where did you transfer from the jungle
here's the scavenger hunt list team out
in groups of four hola Dora
you'll help us find your parents and the
lost city of gold where are we all I see
is jungle see three mercenaries armed oh
look Dora brought a knife on the field
trip everybody whom with maybe you want
to leave I were with your parents you're
all in danger
we're gonna die out here there's no need
to overreact
of course she knows this monkey
[Applause]
[Music]
I have to keep going no matter what
she's freaking awesome they were safe
[Music]
this film is not yet rated
you